Product Discovery Drop-in 2.0 (#413)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-discovery/containers/pagination.mdx

---
title: Pagination container
description: Learn about the Pagination container and configurations for the Product Discovery drop-in component v2.0.0.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The `Pagination` container manages pagination state and navigation for search results. It provides page navigation controls and automatically handles page state management based on search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Pagination` container handles paging for search results. It shows next, previous, and page number controls and keeps the page in sync with the results.
```
